The top nut, just a few turns left
And a wiggle and a slide the plate mount
And you’re off.
Hey guys what’s up, it’s Sean with Pedal
Haus here.
This is our installation guide and we’re
going to explain the quick-release function
of our Quick Release No-Holes License Plate
Mount.
When you open the box, you’re going to look
for a few things–
You’re going to find a post, with hardware
attached
An extra bag of hardware
And our license plate mount.
Keep the screws in the post attached. You’re
going to want that
when you put it on the license plate mount
It’ll lock into the groove.
The first step of the install is to put the
license plate on the mount
but keep the nuts loose on the back.
Allow the license plate to slide.
Then you got to put the post in
and so you
got to take off the cover of the tow hook on the front of your bumper
insert the post
and tighten it down with a 10mm wrench.
Next with the license plate still loose, choose
your height selection out of the four available.
Now when you mount the mount you're going to press,
and it’ll slide onto the groove.
Adjust your angle, use a 10mm wrench again,
and tighten it down.
[music]
With that done you’re at the last step.
Adjust the lateral left and right motion of
your license plate on the license plate mount
and tighten it down with your 8mm.
That’s it! You’re done.
Now to explain our Quick-Release.
This is the easy part.
You got a 10mm wrench in hand
you walk up and you loosen it left a few turns.
Once it’s loose, you’re going to slide
it left and off.
That’s it!
If you have any questions, email us at sales@pedalhaus.com